I headed out the cursus that's how I do
it Daisy don't get nervous
all the way from l.a the Brooklyn to
Atlanta that's how I left the man chair
I left a man chasing on my factors I
went to with a peon he's from the
checker back no chair lining here fair
you feel that's how we do it you know
the kid is ill here she has a p13 you
know who it is is your boy JC hey Sophie
got my old Lane and I'm freestyling spit
right off the brain on the crest Street
Station the people's station yeah that's
how we doing cut two people wait in here
Oh question we'd not have known you'll
be standing in the room and we watching
the crew yeah
Joseph's arrived before titty have you
ever seen my do this great Street Sunday
nights 9:30 in the floor with a peon
Christ sketch comedy at its finest where
else can you turn in and see a great
sketch on network team see a jay-z skip
a Manny Pacquiao's game where else but
in the flow with a PR Crockett I need
your tune in live 9:30 Sunday nights
right that's clearly go home you tell
you what you can see you know well she
can see well me - once we knock are you
ready let's do it you ready Chris do
yeah Drake is in the building
Drizzy as it is your easier a bit yeah
it was Weezy F baby no set of baby me a
Greg Street you know we never saved
maybe is there do it on the be talking
about up v-103 I'm from EndNote disliked
many you know or you grew because you
really do what these do no permit jr.
grew because you know of my ruin yeah
yeah hey cut that up good see man is a
I'm just a happy and you know it
Oh
Drizzy yeah why I'm see Abby's in the
building
yeah uh yeah
yeah you got a comb-over call my
eyebrows right now
I'm a blacksmith v-103 head lad now you
can listen to me
cut them years ago back in Jacob but I
can't do that red
you gotta edit it out yeah I'm just to
order a dips yes let's all do it or the
ad-libs I'm gonna go eat some ribs Rick
won't eat some ribs
Chea Chea Chea Chea Chea I'll do some
ad-libs shit she's the chin just do some
admin you gotta do taco we're gonna show
me you guys can talk show y'all do it
for me
well here's the thing great street if
you turn down the jungle music
I barely don't listen to rap I'll
detective us but what I'll say is this
so I'm tired of all you black people
cleaning me thinking that I'm one of you
and I'm tired of you all not supporting
my sport you guys never come to Augusta
why I'm playing for the masses so